Declare and implement a class that provides the following interface EXACTLY.
You will modify your tree files, bs_tree.h and bs_tree.cpp
You will also need to use your bst_node.h and bst_node.cpp from the previous exercises.

class name: BSTree

private data members:

	BSTNode* that points to the root node of a binary search tree
	unsigned int that holds the number of nodes in the tree

public function interface:

	default constructor, sets the root to NULL and size to 0
	
	destructor, calls the Clear function
	
	bool Insert(int), calls private function Insert(int, root)
	
NEW bool Remove(int), return value returned by private function Remove(int, root)

NEW int FindMin(), If the tree is empty return 0, else return the contents of the smallest node.
	
	void Clear(), call private function Clear(root)
	
	unsigned int GetSize() const
	
	string InOrder (), call private function InOrder(root)
	
private function interface:

	bool Insert(int, BSTNode*&), Create a new BSTNode and insert it into the tree, returns 
								  true; if integer is already in the true, does not insert,
								  returns false
								  
NEW bool Remove(int, BSTNode*&), Traverse the tree and remove the node containing the target 
	                             integer if present and returning true. Return false if target
								 integer is not in tree
	
NEW int FindMin(BSTNode*) const, Returns the value of the smallest node in the tree.
								 Helper function for private Remove()
	
	void Clear(BSTNode*&), Clear the entire contents of the tree, freeing all memory
							associated with all nodes
	
	string InOrder(BSTNode*), Creates a string of the data in all nodes in the tree,
							   in ascending order, separate by spaces (there should be a 
							   space after the last output value)

A Makefile has been included with this exercise. Your options are:
make (Tries to compile your exercise)
make style (Checks your file for some styling mistakes. Note this does not check
            variable / function names / all indentation)
make clean (Removes the executable)

Please note you need to follow programming style guidelines for this exercise.

Exercises having the following will lose 10% per category:
- Code (such as output statements) not explicitly required
- Bad Programming Style (Variable Names, Formatting)

Exercises that DO NOT COMPILE will receive a ZERO!

NOTE: Exercises that compile with warnings will be treated as if they did not
      compile. (i.e. they will receive a zero)
