Declare and implement a class that provides the following interface EXACTLY.
You will modify 2 files, sl_list.h and sl_list.cpp
You will also need to use your sl_node.h and sl_node.cpp from the previous exercises

class name: SLList

private data members:

	SLNode* head_ - Points to the first node in a singly-linked list
	SLNode* tail_ - Points to the last node in a singly-linked list
	unsigned int size_ - Holds the count of the number of nodes in the list
	
private functions:

    void InsertHead(int) - Create a new dynamic SLNode with the contents of 
						   the integer parameter and attach as head of the list
						   
	void InsertTail(int) - Create a new dynamic SLNode with the contents of 
						   the integer parameter and attach as the tail of the list
	
	void RemoveHead() - Remove the head node from the list. Does nothing if the 
	                    list is empty
						
	void RemoveTail() - Remove the tail node from the list. Does nothing if the 
	                    list is empty
public functions:

	Default Constructor - Sets values head_ and tail_ to NULL and size_ to 0
	
	Destructor - calls Clear()
	
	void Insert(int) - Creates a new SLNode with the contents of the parameter and
	                   inserts it into the correct position in the list. The list
					   will be sorted with the lowest values in the front and the
					   largest values in the back.
	
	bool RemoveFirstOccurence(int) - Remove the first occurence of the supplied parameter
	                                 found as the data in a node. Return true on successful
									 removal or false if the list is empty of if the value
									 is not found/removed
						
	int GetHead() const - Returns the contents of the head node (The node the head is
	                      pointing to)
					      Return 0 if the list is empty
					
	int GetTail() const - Returns the contents of the tail node (The node the tail is
	                      pointing to)
					      Return 0 is the list is empty
	
	void Clear() - Clear the entire contents of the list, freeing all memory
	               associated with all nodes
	
	unsigned int size() const - Return the current size of the list
	
	string ToString() const - Return a string representation of the contents
	                          of all nodes in the list, in the format
	                          NUM1, NUM2 , ..., LASTNUM
							  Return the empty string if the list is empty

A Makefile has been included with this exercise. Your options are:
make (Tries to compile your exercise)
make style (Checks your file for some styling mistakes. Note this does not check
            variable / function names / all indentation)
make clean (Removes the executable)

Please note you need to follow programming style guidelines for this exercise.

Exercises having the following will lose 10% per category:
- Code (such as output statements) not explicitly required
- Bad Programming Style (Variable Names, Formatting)

Exercises that DO NOT COMPILE will receive a ZERO!

NOTE: Exercises that compile with warnings will be treated as if they did not
      compile. (i.e. they will receive a zero)
